# # The advent of autonomous driving has brought on innovation in the automotive industry, but also challenges. The most significant challenge is 3D object detection. The reason 3D object detection plays a fundamental role in the efficacy of autonomous driving is because without optimal 3D object detection it would be impossible to avoid collisions and accidents during autonomous driving. Currently, there are several algorithms that produce varying levels of effectiveness in object detection. Our project will be analyzing the architectural differences of these algorithms, identifying the strengths and shortcomings, and proposing ways to improve the algorithms. The goal of our project is to provide methods that will lead to higher levels of 3D object detection in the existing algorithms. We look forwarding to the researching, analyzing and hopefully providing improvements in the field of 3D object detection. We aim to train the KITTI dataset in an attempt to develop effective YOLO v3 and v4 models. First, we will implement 3D object detection for all eight classes of our KITTI dataset (cars, vans, cyclists, etc.) using YOLO v3 and v4 models. Later, we will compare the performance of both models, including how fast we can beat the base YOLO v3 model results. We can determine whether the later model (v4) is worthwhile to train based on the training speeds. To assess these models' performance, we use a multitude of benchmarks. We will assess the inference time required to detect the objects in real-time once the models have been developed. The lesser the inference time, the faster is a model in object detection. 
